Lawyers for the group described the police action as "hastily imposed".
They say the Met Police now faces claims for false imprisonment from "potentially hundreds" of protestors.
The Met had argued the ban was the only way of tackling disruption caused by protests.
Lord Justice Dingemans said: "Separate gatherings, separated both in time and by many miles, even if co-ordinated under the umbrella of one body, are not a public assembly within the meaning of... the Act.\n"The XR autumn uprising intended to be held from October 14 to 19 was not therefore a public assembly... therefore the decision to impose the condition was unlawful because there was no power to impose it under... the Act."
Jules Carey, a solicitor representing protestors, said the ban was "hastily imposed" and "erratically applied".
Harry Shearer, Christopher Guest, Michael McKean and Rob Reiner, who starred in the 1984 film, said they had reached a settlement with Universal's parent company Vivendi.
According to the Press Association, Boris Johnson spent just over 25 minutes with the Queen at Buckingham Palace this morning.
In an open letter to the PM, he says that he remains an “enthusiastic supporter” of Johnson and of Johnson’s “one nation agenda”.
Conservatives are not all like Rees-Mogg, says former Scottish secretary David Mundell
Meanwhile, the SNP leader, Nicola Sturgeon, has released an open letter to Scotland’s remain voters, urging them: “Don’t sit back and let the Tories decide your future.”
The adverts included claims people moved into work faster on universal credit, which "did not accurately reflect the evidence", the ASA said.
However, Mr Beshear, a 41-year-old attorney general whose father was a former governor of the state, said: "We will be ready for that first day in office and I look forward to it."
"The president just about dragged Gov. Matt Bevin across the finish line, helping him run stronger than expected in what turned into a very close race at the end," Brad Parscale said.
The Green councillor said there has never been more of an appetite for "real climate action".
Sian Berry tells campaigners in Bristol that the climate has to be the focus for this general election.\n"Because taking action in the climate emergency isn’t just about averting disaster, it’s about creating a brand new Britain.”
Berry said: "Boris Johnson wants to make this the Brexit election. But this election is about so much more."
The ASA said it considered that readers would interpret the wording "move into work faster" to refer to secure ongoing employment.
In a statement, the Department for Work and Pensions said: "We are disappointed with this decision and have responded to the Advertising Standards Authority."
“It’s natural that drivers always dream of Ferrari, the most important brand in Formula 1,” the Silver Arrows boss told Sky Italia.\n“We hope to have the two most competitive drivers in Formula 1,” he continued.
The president of the European Commission said that Brexit had made those problems worse and warned that the General Election should not be just another Brexit referendum campaign.
Grime rapper Stormzy was highly critical of Mr Rees-Mogg and said he should resign over the comments.
Boris Johnson's spokesman said following Mr Rees-Mogg's "full apology" that the prime minister has "full confidence" in his Commons leader.\nHe added: "I think that as leader of the House he's done a tremendous job."
Prosecutors allege the British woman was strangled to death in the man's apartment after the two met on the dating app Tinder.
Members of parliament for Mr Macron’s centrist party said that Edouard Philippe, the prime minister, would announce a series of immigration measures on Wednesday.
President Donald Trump says the US is ready to send its troops into Mexico to dismantle drug cartels, after nine Americans, including six children, were killed when they were caught in an apparent ambush.
Marks & Spencer has reported a fresh slump in clothing sales but insisted it was “making up for lost time” in the run-up to the key Christmas trading period.
The US National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) found the car failed to identify her properly as a pedestrian.
In a statement, Uber said: "We deeply value the thoroughness of the NTSB's investigation into the crash and look forward to reviewing their recommendations".
“I tossed my Fitbit into the trash today,” one user tweeted.
According to the tech giant, the inability to use Netflix will begin on 1 December 2019 and will affect older smart TVs.
At the time, Greg Peters, Netflix’s chief product officer, said the company was “looking at the situation”.
“A closed universe can provide a physical explanation for this effect, with the Planck cosmic microwave background spectra now preferring a positive curvature at more than the 99 percent confidence level,” they wrote.
Michael Lebert, the experiment's scientific director, said wine was ideal for space study as it is made using both yeast and bacteria, and involves chemical processes.
"This is a once-in-a-lifetime adventure," Nicolas Gaume, chief executive and co-founder of Space Cargo Unlimited, said.
Dr Belinda Nedjai, director of the Molecular Epidemiology Lab at Queen Mary University of London, said: "The initial use of self-sampling is likely to be for women who do not attend clinic after a screening invitation and countries without a cervical cancer screening programme."
Speaking on Tuesday the EU’s chief negotiator warned that the prime minister would face a “moment of truth” in the summer of next year and suggested that talks might not be concluded by then.
Cabinet minister Liz Truss had said on Monday night that “we will not be extending the Brexit transition period beyond 2020”, arguing that “the British people have waited long enough for Brexit”.
Labour’s Brexit chief Sir Keir Starmer said the idea of a trade deal being negotiated in a few months was “for the birds”.
Farage announced on Sunday he will not be standing as a candidate.
ICM said the poll showed the two main parties were losing a similar proportion of votes over Brexit.
Drop Boris’s Brexit deal, he said, and he’d stand down most of his candidates.
The cabinet minister confirmed the pledge tying a Conservative government’s hands if the party wins a majority, saying it was realistic because Johnson had secured a deal with the EU within 90 days.
He said it did not matter where Corbyn and he personally stood on the issue of leaving with a Labour deal or remaining in the EU, although he has always made clear he would want to campaign to stay in the bloc.
Nick Ferrari told the chairman of the Conservative Party that his party has been putting out fake news after they edited a video of Labour's Sir Keir Starmer.
Mr Cleverly insisted: "If I was unable to answer the question like Keir Starmer was unable to answer the question put to him and you were highlighting the fact, then I think that's legit."
Alan Custis, head of UK equities at Lazard Asset Management, said there will be a “sharp focus” on its manifesto, particularly if polling narrows.
“As clouds of uncertainty part that might be a seen as good news for UK-specific risk assets, but we think that’s unlikely to persist for long,” said Mr McGuire. “We liken it to a slow-motion car crash.”
In his letter to Mr Corbyn the prime minister accused him of wanting to go back “to square one”.
The FDA says that it sets these levels because it is “economically impractical to grow, harvest, or process raw products that are totally free of non-hazardous, naturally occurring, unavoidable defects”.
Minsky, widely regarded as the father of AI, suggested it would be best to send a cat as our extraterrestrial delegate.